1. Java 
Java  is an object-oriented language released in 1995 by Sun Microsystems. C# is influenced by it.
Java is the number one programming language today for many reasons. First, it is a well-organized
language with a strong library of reusable software components. Second, programs written in Java can run
on many different computer architectures and operating systems because of the use of the JVM ( Java virtual machine ).

2. C
C is a compiled, procedural language developed in 1972 by Dennis Ritchie for use in the UNIX operating system.
 Although designed to be portable in nature, C programs must be specifically compiled for computers with different
 architectures and operating systems. This helps make them lightning fast. Although C is a relatively old language,
 it is still widely used for system programming, writing other programming languages, and in embedded systems.

3. C++
C++ is a compiled, multi-paradigm language written as an update to C in 1979 by Bjarne Stroustrup and later influenced C#.
It attempts to be backwards-compatible with C and brings object-orientation, which helps in larger projects. Despite it's age, C++
is used to create a wide array of applications from games to office suites.

4. PHP
PHP uses a run-time interpreter, and is a multi-paradigm language originally developed in 1996 by Rasmus Lerdorf to
create dynamic web pages. At first it was not even a real programming language, but over time it eventually grew into
a fully featured object-oriented programming language.

5. Python 
Python is an interpreted, multi-paradigm programming language written by Guido van Rossum in the late 1980's and
intended for general programming purposes. Python was not named after the snake but actually after the Monty Python
comedy group. Python is characterized by its use of indentation for readability, and its encouragement for elegant
code by making developers do similar things in similar ways. Python is used as the main programming choice of both
Google and Ubuntu. 